Badging for webhooks (#384)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/webhooks/index.md

Use these guidelines to develop your own webhooks:

> 1. Identify the Adobe Commerce event that triggers a webhook. In Adobe Commerce Cloud Service (SaaS), you can browse the available events from the Admin by selecting **System** > Webhooks > **Webhooks List** or using the `GET /V1/webhooks/supportedList` [REST endpoint](./api.md#get-supported-webhooks-for-saas). In Platform as a Service (PaaS) and on-premises environments, you can accomplish this by running the [`bin/magento webhooks:list:all` command](./commands.md#return-a-list-of-supported-webhook-event-names) to return a list of all supported webhooks methods and the [`bin/magento webhooks:info <webhook-name>` command](./commands.md#display-the-payload-of-a-webhook) to return the payload of a specified webhook method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Identify the Adobe Commerce event that triggers a webhook. In Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service (SaaS), you can browse the available events from the Admin by selecting **System** > Webhooks > **Webhooks List** or using the `GET /V1/webhooks/supportedList` [REST endpoint](./api.md#get-supported-webhooks-for-saas). In PaaS environments, such as Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure and on-premises, you can accomplish this by running the [`bin/magento webhooks:list:all` command](./commands.md#return-a-list-of-supported-webhook-event-names) to return a list of all supported webhooks methods and the [`bin/magento webhooks:info <webhook-name>` command](./commands.md#display-the-payload-of-a-webhook) to return the payload of a specified webhook method.
```
